(tense brooding music)
-How could you?
-Uryu.
Uryu.
Say something, dammit.
♪♪You're no good,♪♪
♪♪and you're no good.♪♪
Why, Uryu?
(Ichigo grunts)
Ichigo.
Uryu!
Hmm?
(tense brooding music)
[Renji] Rukia!
Why doesn't Squad
Zero do something?
Are they just going to let them
walk in to the Royal Palace?
Don't tell me this is all
part of your plan too,
Manako Osho.
Hoo-whee.
That almost blew my
Santenkesshun into next week!
That was quite a
ride, wasn't it?
Oh, wait a minute, I'm sorry.
Nobody got hurt, did they?
Oh.
Ichigo, we're all just as
shocked by it as you are.
But we've got to
try and remember
that this is Uryu we're
talking about here.
He must have had a
pretty good reason
to join the other side.
Yeah, I know.
I've known it all along.
It's been on my mind
ever since the war began.
Because if this war
is a fight between Soul
Reapers and Quincies,
then he and I...
But even so, we've always
fought side by side.
(somber music)
We can't forget
what Uryu is,
our friend.
-Mm.
I don't know if he feels
the same way about us.
Maybe not, but there's only
one way to find out, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
At the very least,
we owe the guy a chance
to explain himself.
So let's get after him
and hear what he
has to say about it.
And if his
explanation's no good,
I'll smack him down
and drag him back!
[Chad] And what if his
explanation makes sense?
In that case, I'll still
smack him and drag him back!
Sounds like a plan.
Count me in!
[Chad] But, how are
we gonna get to him?
-[Ichigo] Huh?
-[Orihime] Hm?
Whoops, uh-oh.
Looks like I mighta gotten
here just a little too late.
Kisuke.
So, what's your next step?
A trip to the Royal Palace?
I could book you a flight.
Do it then.
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
So, the Quincies weren't
really targeting the Seireitei,
but rather the Royal Palace.
I wonder what they're up to.
[Nanana] Are you thinking
of going after them?
That seems a little reckless
when we're not even dead yet.
Where did that
Ichigo Kurosaki go?
(footsteps echoing)
(ominous music)
You all right?
Need a hand, Captain?
(Sajin growls)
We're coming after ya,
ya lousy bastard.
Still in one piece, Rukia?
I am, thanks to you.
You felt it, right?
I did, and now I know it
wasn't just my imagination.
How could you, Uryu?
[Bazz-B] What's that?
Aww, don't tell me you guys
are pissed at Uryu Ishida too.
Well join the club,
kiddos 'cause so are we!
I mean if you wanted, I
could even help you kill him.
You could what?
(Bazz-B grunts)
I suggest you fly back to
your coop while you still can,
chicken-head.
Chicken-head, what the hell?
Hey, wait a minute,
wise-ass, you're not?
You're not seriously talking
about this awesome, killer,
razor-sharp mohawk of mine,
are you, you jerk?
[Renji] What are
you upset about?
What's wrong with chickens?
They get up early,
eat bugs, lay eggs,
and go well with sake.
They're incredible animals,
I respect you for being one.
You are so dead!
I would've thought
you'd have some taste,
what with those cool,
razor-sharp eyebrows of yours.
But I was wrong about you,
you're a real disappointment!
He said my eyebrows are cool!
That's great.
I've had it with you guys.
Burner Finger Four!
(Renji gasps)
[Giselle] Whoa.
Wait, wait a second.
Just hold on.
You're not really
thinking of cutting down
an unarmed girl, are you?
That's so not cool.
I mean, doesn't it go
against your manly code
of warrior-hood or something?
You guys are losers.
She's just baiting
you, you know.
Yeah, I know.
Careful.
She wouldn't be goading
you to cut her unless
she had a some kind of reason
for wanting you to cut her.
-(Giselle chuckles)
-Like maybe,
maybe if you get splashed
with her blood, you die.
(Giselle sighs)
Really? Oh, come on.
That doesn't seem
very likely, does it?
I'm just worried
about your reputation
if you start butchering
unarmed girls.
You're so full of crap.
And while I'm at it,
let's talk about another
bit of monkey business.
You keep talking about
being an unarmed girl but,
you're really a guy, aren't you?
Huh?
[Yumichika] I know your
trying to hide it.
But it's so obivous.
[Giselle] Bambi!
Who the hell are you?
Sorry to keep you waiting
like that, Bambi-wambi.
Come on, let's you and me
pulverize these clowns, okay?
[Ichigo] Where are the
other Soul Reapers?
[Kisuke] All of the
captains and lieutenants
are out battling the
Quincies, and why?
So you, Ichigo, can get
to the Royal Palace.
Now hop in, choppity-chop.
When did you manage to
reconstruct Kukaku's cannon
all the way down here?
It all began right
around the time
Squad Zero descended.
Captain Kurotsuchi thought
something like this might
happen, so he started
building it then.
He could actually
foresee that the enemy
would try to ascend
to the Royal Palace?
[Kisuke] Yep. By the
time I came around,
all that was left to do
was some finishing touches.
Whoa.
I guess he's a
pretty amazing guy,
I thought he
was just a nut job.
Captain Kurotsuchi is
an absolute genius.
Well, second only
to me, of course.
Now, keep in mind
this is only a replica
and it might not
be a perfect one.
The Shiba Family's
cannon is one-of-a-kind,
built using ancient
family secrets.
It was impossible for us
to replicate it exactly.
Our version of it will break
down after firing once,
that's the main difference.
-Wait just once?
-Huh?
Well, we'll just have to be sure
and make that one
shot count, won't we?
But I'm not worried about that,
the real problem is that we
don't have sufficient energy
to fire the thing.
Oh. Well, then how do you
plan to get it off the ground?
I'm hoping to have the
answer very shortly.
Uh, Kisuke.
[Kisuke] Yes?
The one you've been
waiting for is here.
She's completed the
assignment you gave her.
[Kisuke] Good. Tell her
to begin the next stage.
Yoruichi!
Ah, welcome back!
So, how did it go?
Got 'em.
[Kisuke] I knew you would!
-Hm?
-What are those?
These are the distortions
they've been creating,
the Quincies.
[Both] Hm?
[Kisuke] Here, take a look.
We first started noticing
these distortions shortly
before the Wandenreich
launched their invasion.
We're forming the
Fixing the Huge
-[Orihime] Oh, it's Hiyori!
-Pain-In-The-Butt Distortion
Between the World of the Living
and the Soul Society crew.
You got that?
See that gaping hole?
That's what's
called a distortion!
[Chad] The surrounding
area seems to be warped.
[Kisuke] Exactly.
The distortion is
acting like a wedge
disrupting the border between
the World of the Living
and the Soul Society,
causing the two worlds
to interconnect.
Okay, but then, what
purpose does that serve?
Wish I could tell ya,
but we haven't quite come up
with the answer to that one.
Of more immediate interest
is the energy contained
in these distortions.
After all, to be powerful
enough to connect two worlds,
we're talking about a massive
concentration of energy.
Massive energy, huh?
Is that what we're gonna
use to fire the cannon?
[Kisuke] Anticipating just
this sort of situation,
I've had Yoruichi,
Hiyori, and the others
go around collecting as much
of the distortion energy
as they can.
He's been working us all
to the bone, the tyrant.
Okay, shall we give it a try?
Ready for a trip to
the Royal Palace?
(bombs exploding)
What's up with
this brat, anyway?
Is she just gonna endlessly
throw bombs at us?
No.
I don't really think that's
what's actually happening here.
Oh, no? How am I wrong?
(bombs exploding)
The projectiles
themselves aren't bombs.
If anything the projectile
strikes is turned into a bomb.
Oh come on.
-Same difference, whatever.
-[Yumichika] No, it's not.
Hm?
The difference is you
can't deflect those things
with your Hozukimaru.
Oh, I get it.
Well, in that case, our only
option is to dodge those things
long enough to cut her down!
You are so reckless, Ikkaku!
Hado Number 57, Daichitenyo!
(tense upbeat music)
(bombs exploding)
(Ikkaku grunts)
(tense upbeat music continues)
[Giselle] Are you
stupid or something?
Nothing you do to Bambi
is gonna kill her.
You can't kill someone
who's already dead.
(zombie exploding)
It wasn't easy, you know,
turning Bambi into a zombie.
You see, the problem is,
I can't do it to another
Quincy unless they're dead.
So I had to squeeze
the life out of her.
Oh, the look on her face.
I've gotta admit, it
got me pretty excited.
You twisted little pervert.
[Giselle] On the other hand,
a Soul Reaper's a lot easier.
You don't have to be dead.
I just splash you with my
blood and presto-change-o,
you turn right into a zombie.
So which of you wants
to be a zombie first?
Or should I just choose?
-[Kurotsuchi] I see.
-(Giselle gasps)
The ability to turn an
enemy into a zombie, eh?
I must say, that's a
genuinely fascinating gift
you've got there.
I can't even see you, the way
you're all lit up like that.
Who are you?
My, my, we're not ashamed to
show our ignorance, are we?
Didn't you know that great
people often shine brightly
as if from some inner light?
If you say so, but I wasn't
asking why you were all lit up.
(tense upbeat music)
It's too bright to
see who that is,
but the voice sure sounds
like Captain Kurotsuchi.
Even if you couldn't
hear his voice,
he's the only guy
who could get away
with wearing an
outfit like that.
What did you say?
Oh, you're saying you're
gonna protect me, Bambi?
What a sweetheart you are.
[Bambi] I want.
[Giselle] Huh?
Gigi, I, I want it.
I want more.
Oh, please I can't help it!
I want more, Gigi.
I want it so bad!
Aww, look at you.
That's so gross!
You always want more, more,
more, and you want it so badly.
You're really an insatiable
girl, you know that, Bambi?
You'll get your treat
when this is all over.
Okay.
I'm sorry I made you angry.
Please don't punish Bambi
Bambi sorry.
So, so sorry.
(Giselle sighs)
Nice. Very nice indeed.
What you've got there
is truly outstanding.
[Giselle] You're not
shining as much anymore.
Yes, I toned down my greatness,
so even an ordinary
person can see me.
Now I'm ordinary?
But you just told me
I was outstanding.
Oh, you mustn't
take it personally.
The fact is that compared
to me, everyone is ordinary.
Bambi.
Let him have it, go on!
(bombs exploding)
Hm. The velocity
of her projectiles
seem to be roughly the same.
Get ready, Nemu.
Right.
You really think we'd
let you get away?
What setting?
Hmm, let's see now.
I think three seconds
ought to do it.
(tense suspenseful music)
Why aren't they exploding?
(bombs exploding)
What just happened there?
Why'd it take them so
long to turn into bombs?
Oh, the answer is
extremely simple, really.
This is called a
Reishi Locking Device.
For whatever amount of
time it's been preset,
it can pause the
effects of any Reishi
that it comes in contact with.
It wasn't that they took a
long time to become bombs.
They became bombs as soon
as her attacks hit them.
They simply paused the
effect for three seconds.
As I said, it's an
extremely simple mechanism.
And yet, with just
this simple mechanism,
I have utterly nullified
that zombie girl's attack.
And now, I'm happy to say,
the two of you will make
lovely test subjects for me.
(Giselle chuckles)
(zombies groaning)
The two of us?
Which two are you talking about?
It can't be.
Now, if you'd been
paying closer attention,
you would know I've been
busy creating zombies
ever since I first arrived here.
I recognize some of their faces.
Damn it to hell!
Oh, dear, dear.
This is a dilemma, isn't it?
They may be zombies now,
but they were once members
of the Thirteen
Court Guard Squads.
Everyone knows, I'm just
one great big ball of love
with a brain connected to it.
I don't have the
heart to fight them,
it would be too painful.
Oh, well. I'll just
have to find someone
with no emotional attachments.
I'll let these Arrancars
take care of them for me.
[Ikkaku] Wait, I
remember that guy.
We fought him once in
the World of the Living.
[Yumichika] Yeah?
Well, that guy, I
swear I killed him.
[Charlotte] Hmm?
Wait a minute.
I could've sworn I've seen that
fugly one down there before.
-[Yumichika] Fugly?
-Is that who I think it is?
What was your name again?
Yumi?
Uh, something-or-other.
I forgot the rest, sorry.
You see I've got
this little problem,
I'm really bad at remembering
fugly people's names.
(Charlotte chuckles)
Okay, fine.
Then here, I'll just
kill you all over again
and we'll see if that
doesn't jog your memory.
Hey, hold on.
Now who's being
reckless, Yumichika?
Okay, enough of this,
where's the nino?
I only came because I was told
that orange-haired
nino would be here!
Yeah, and the only reason I came
was to get even with that
four-eyed Quincy nimrod.
When I get ahold of him,
I'm going to make him pay
for what he did to me.
Oh come on, will the
two of you shut up?
We'll get our chance to
settle up old scores.
We're alive again,
that's the main thing.
So will you two just-
What the heck are you
acting so calm about?
Yeah, we may be alive again
right now, you little idiot,
but who knows when that lunatic
is gonna change his mind
and kill us again?
(Arrancars screaming)
I don't recall
giving you permission
to yap away like that.
Not only are they
virtually indestructible,
but they scream so well.
Oh, yes, indeed.
It was well worth the
trouble of stealing them
from Szayelaporro's vault.
Oh, you did not find
me in any vault.
Hm.
Well, aren't you clever?
You went and got some
zombies of your very own,
but maybe not enough of 'em.
Do you really think
your four little zombies
can beat my entire army?
She seems to think that
we can't possibly win.
What do you think?
I think this nina's about
to find out she's wrong!
Yeah, there's no way in
hell that we're gonna
Lose to a bunch of Soul Reapers!
(zombies groaning)
[Dordoni] Kicking!
Wait, stop it!
Those guys are
members of Squad 11.
You can't just slaughter them!
[Kurotsuchi] Why not?
Your pity is uncharacteristic
of the notoriously
ruthless Squad 11.
In fact, to plead for
the lives of one's men
in such a situation
is just not done
in the Thirteen
Court Guard Squads.
Since when have the
Court Guards gone soft?
"Protect the Seireitei."
"A squad member must be willing
to give their life
for the Court Guard,
and to take their own life,
should they bring harm
to the Court Guard."
Whose words are those?
Your former Head Captain,
whom you once respected.
[Dordoni] Ah, kick!
There's no need to be afraid
of their blood getting on you.
Hm?
Baldy over there got splashed
with their blood earlier,
and he didn't turn
into a zombie.
Besides, in case
you've forgotten,
we're already dead
to begin with.
So there's not a whole lot worse
that can happen to us, right?
Yeah, I get it.
Makes sense.
That means I can fight
without holding anything back!
Ai yai yai.
This whole thing has
turned into a real mess.
Here you go, Bambi-wambi.
Put that back on there.
Huh?
So I guess you're the one
who's going to fight me,
not that glowing
guy who talks a lot?
That's right.
You see, I couldn't resist.
My instincts were telling me
I simply had to fight you.
Why? Well, I think it
must be because you and I
are so very much alike.
How so?
Bambi!
Oh, yeah.
You know, I don't even
need to draw my sword
to deal with an
amateur like you.
Good effort, but if you were
trying to hit me, you missed.
Well, I wasn't, so there.
That one just kinda slipped
out of my hands, that's all.
Oh, so we've still got a
little kick left, do we?
But of course, you're
a zombie, aren't you?
So I guess, to make you die, I
have to I turn you into dust.
Special Kill, Beautiful
Charlotte Chuhlhourne's
Final Holy Wonderful Pretty
Super Magnum Sexy Sexy
Glamorous Cero Revived!
Wow, he's pretty strong.
I don't think Bambi's going
to be a match for him.
Okay, fine.
Hey, you can come
out now, Mr. Captain!
(Ikkaku and Yumichika gasps)
Whoa.
(Luppi grunts)
[Kurotsuchi] Oh, I see.
This could prove troublesome.
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Kurotsuchi] Over
and over again,
an empty life.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)